2:50 message with brian to make more money
3:00  grab watch from bed
3:    grab by shoulders and throws her on ground, grab watch run into bathroom and dont shut door fast enough

he runs in grabs door fast


hand marks, grab arms, marks on chest, she is bleeding. not cheating and see messages and says he will kill her by the night is over

he calms down and grabs a cig because she is shaking and cant call police because she is shaking, and goes to grab the son. 

the 8 month old is his, she goes into bathroom dials 911 slams door open and hits the kid on the side of the head when he slams the door open
he takes phone, and took kid and when he left she called. 

13:00 - "ive been here before" - what happened at this charge ***THIS MAY HAVE BEEN WITH AN EX****
20:10 - dv / interferring with communication device, felony of fire arm, sieze the gun. review child abuse for kicking in door and hitting baby
21:06
23:34 screamed because you are cheating with brian. i dont even know who he is. i worked for 2 years to support you guys. You got a "hand Print" "he has done it to ex wife
& ex girlfriend. she has been through it, he has been through it. Payton, Rene, Hartlack, piper, brandon
29:32 defense attorney will use texts. "if he was innoncent he would stay"

33:00 -officer danes not no where didnt do nothing, I need to have a conversation in person. i have the right to take your side of the story. 
you show up here or your side wont show up in the story and ill issue multiple warrents. I'm  confiscating your hand gun. High court misdemeanor is a felony. also charged.
you have an option to show up and talk to me, background check and everything. - "police department doesnt operate over the phone" No, you can not talk to her"

43:58 bathroom wouldnt let her out

44:30 door hit the baby in the head / split laminat

1:02 - came home early from work to surprise her. she posted a pretty picture, and said are you fb hoeing. we have been on 2-3 months now b/c she cheated on me

reason i left is because we were screaming and fighting. i dont have a problem facing you guys. never held in bathroom against will, we were fighting in the bathroom 
he pulled the door from the inside to leave the house. i pulled the door open. i never pulled the phone away from her. she said im going to call the police, go. fighting
over a guys she cheating on me with. detain you, you are not under arrest. 

1:08 "door is pulled off from the inside" - this aligns with derek's story, the other cop says everything aligns with the girls story. *********
1:10 4:40 - his satement that he didnt take the phone away - dispatch message text when phone hangs up & correlates to 4:40
1:12 4:54 - called back
1:13 yes you are now being charged, because the evidence lines up with her story. derek said "she hit the end button because i left"
1:14 where are the marks at? it doesn't matter, i'm charging you with every one of those crimes, the marks on the kid is from something else, the girl and guy both said that
earlier in the video

*never said maranda rights
